{Um, so this this book is around
5 pages, or this chapter of the
book is around 5 pages, and
we're aiming for between 10 and
15 minutes as you described the
story.}
#START_arrival_1 This a person
is retrieving a photograph of
three people from what looks
like a mantlepiece.
Is putting it, packaging it and
preparing it, apparently to send
with a string around it, and
putting it into a drawer or a
place where.
It is safe. Maybe it's a
briefcase, maybe no.
Hard to say what that is anyway,
and now is.
Has closed their hands. Looks
like a man's hands over it.
Ah, it's a suitcase. You put
this package.
This wrapped photograph into a
suitcase and is going to send it
somewhere he and his wife looks
like are at the kitchen table.
And there are some.
Fragments of what? Uh, things
that are in their room. There's
a clock on the mantelpiece.
And there is an origami bird.
Somebody has folded the paper,
the hat that is hanging on its
hook, and a towel. There is a
pot with a spoon. There's a
drawing done by a child, a
teapot with a crack in it.
See a cup of coffee and maybe
some dollar bills or some kind
of money and the suitcase. So
this is a these are the
fragments of the total picture
of this a man, woman and a
child.
And they've left the house, all
three of them.
And the little girl was
apparently asleep and has gotten
up and has had some tea or
something that she's stirring
with a spoon. The suitcases
there, there's some kind of
sadness, it seems. It looks as
if the man is leaving with the
suitcase and the wife is.
Bearing up and the little girl
is putting on her boots and her
hat and they're all leaving the
house. It's hard to say if
they're all leaving, apparently
all leaving together.
In the suitcase and there is
some kind of a Dragon's tale
that you see on the outside of
the house as they have left are
in the street.
We're at the train station,
yeah, and the little girl is
kind of in wonderment about
what's going on.
And the train is coming into the
station, and the little, the man
is saying goodbye to the little
girl as he takes off his hat. He
has folded his this bird, this
paper bird for her, and is
giving it to her because he's
leaving.
And the wife is very upset that
he is leaving.
And he says goodbye and takes
the suitcase with him, and they
all hold each other's hands as
he's leaving. And the train
pulls out of the station and
disappears into the sunset.
Or sunrise.
And here he has apparently
arrived somewhere and has taken
out the photograph of the family
immediately and having a couple
of soup or something to eat.
Sharing out the photograph and.
Thinking about his family.
And uh.
Be aware that he is in a
stateroom on an ocean liner, so
he's going quite a distance
away. #END_arrival_1
{OK. So that was that part of
the story and we're going to.}
{A different graphic novel which
is around 8 pages, again aiming
for 10 to 15 minutes.}
#START_arrival_4 OK, this is
looks like our man and he is on
his the.
Sojourn wherever that is.
He is in a.
He is in a city.
He is getting up and preparing
to go out, getting dressed,
getting his hat and taking a map
of the city where he's going.
And here's our creature again,
our mouse, elephant, dolphin
with legs. Creature who is going
to is, is I think, good luck
charm.
Yeah, uh.
I think it's probably an
imaginary creature, but it is
watching over him and he is
walking along highway but
appears to be in a very large
city, looks rather forbidding
and he is insulting his map and
is in the what looks to be
there's a bridge and a boat
going under it, but no water
necessarily, a bunch of tea.
Trees or buildings that are
constructed like teepees and a
lot of people including animals,
and they appear to be in an area
that they are waiting. Probably
looks as if there's some kind of
a train might be coming by for
them.
Ohh they imaginary has met a
friend and they are confabbing
and the man sees a woman there
and they're comparing notes on
maps and creatures and maybe she
is a native of this place and
he's asking her for information.
She shows him a.
Telephone and how to use that.
What looks like a telephone.
There's a earpiece and there is
a dial thing.
And uh.
Some kind of a a gear that ohh
she's getting a ticket. This is
a ticket machine and she's
showing him the ticket that he
needs to get where he wants to
go. So he has had help from a
native and everyone is bidding
farewell to a some of these
boats. They're up there in the
atmosphere. They look like
boats, but they're probably
planes. In any case, they're in
some kind of a murky.
Atmosphere and flying around
there with people in them,
mostly people, and they appear
to have a smokestack in them.
Kind of odd, but anyway, that's
maybe how they're powered and
people down are down below.
Waiting. So apparently to get
around in this atmosphere, you
take these flying machines and
here he is getting on to one of
them with his creature and
somebody is is.
Punching his ticket so that he
can travel. This person who is
doing that is looking like a
prison guard, for heaven's sake,
out of forbidding.
And he has this creature with
him, so he's well aware of that
creature, even though I don't
know how how real it is when he
gets on the sitting down. This
looks more like a boat, the
carrier of this rig that he's
traveling on. And he.
Strikes up a conversation with a
woman and asks her about.
Apparently he is looking for
someone.
Oh no, he isn't looking for
someone. This is his identity
papers that he's showing to her,
and she's showing him hers.
Person that she's showing looks
does not look like her. Maybe
these are people looking for for
other people.
Now.
Ah, she's showing this woman
that he has met is has taken out
a photograph of somebody who
apparently she is looking for.
That person has was at one time
reading a book, then was someone
has confiscated that book and
taken it away from her and
locked it up.
Oh boy shades of the South that
don't want anybody to read
anything.
And lock that up and taken that
girl and given her a spade and
directed her to shovel down in
some catacomb and she is there
with no shoes on and some kind
of just a dress that she looks
like a prisoner.
And she is stocking a fire,
maybe shoveling coal into a
fire, possibly to keep warm, and
she is now climbing the ladder
on this furnace and has reached
the top of the furnace. She must
be trying to get out.
Ah, she's up on the top of the
furnace trying to see what's
going on. And there are many
other of these cubicles with the
smokestacks, and it looks like
a.
Tramway something where some
something is traveling or would
be traveling if it could. There
are lights outside so this is in
an enclosed area.
And she is trying to see what's
going on. There are people in
these other cubicles that look
like hers. They are all stocking
fires, and they all appear to be
young women wearing a gunny sack
and shoes. So they are clearly
not intended to get out of this
place.
So she is uh, decided that she
is in a bad situation and she
has a door there though and she
tries to open the door and was
looking.
Is it? She's gotten that door
open and is looking in the
drawer where the book was that
she had was put, although I
don't know how she got it open
because it hadn't been locked,
and now she she has found the
book.
And she is trying to get away
with it. She's climbing out of
what appears to be an opening in
the wall of her cubicle.
There are.
Maybe a little trains or
something, that something she
could get in she could escape
into.
Yeah, there it is. It's a the
boxcar and a train coming a hobo
with her book.
Now we have one of these
amphibious boats, the plains
with the smokestacks and also
what looks like maybe a squeal
like a steamship.
Uh, going through the atmosphere
in this city?
And here is the man with the
woman in one of them. He's A and
she has the friend who his
creature.
So maybe everybody has one of
these creatures. I don't know.
And then here is the guard.
Conductor person who is in
charge of the boat or the flying
machine?
With the megaphone telling the
people on the boat probably that
this is their stop or whatever
it may be that they need to get
on or off like a bus stop, and
he shakes hands with this woman
and she bids him farewell and he
leaves with his.
Creature and looking around
trying to see what he had, where
he is, and now he's coming down
the stairs of from this.
In this city, and he can see in
the distance what looks to be
some kind of edifice that is
shaped like a.
That sucks.
Looks like a benevolent rat, but
nevertheless a rat.
Other creatures and sunrises and
buildings and teepees and
various shapes.
Appears to be all done in stone.
Other people who are descending
in these staircases that
apparently you're going to get
around on foot in this maze of a
city.
And he is with his creature and
on a plaza where there are a
number of buildings.
And we have people talking with
boxes of what looked to be
octopi.
Umm.
Hard to tell whether they're
alive or dead, what they are,
whether they are something or
building these people. Because
if they're constrained
construction and somehow they're
wearing hats there may be are
protective and here is somebody
a woman and uh getting but maybe
a ticket and another with a with
a fish. Maybe this is a
marketplace and people going
back and forth and looking at.
Uh.
Fish and.
Ah, here's the little creature
has found a drawer with other
little creatures in it, and the
man is.
Watching it and looking in his
book to see what he might find
out.
Taking one of these, baby.
It's hard to tell what it is.
Uh.
Taking it out of the drawer and
the boy there, he wants to.
With a man, and he's offering it
to this man, and the man is
pointing to something different
that he wants. It looks like a
chair. And the terror of telling
him about this chair.
And the man who has offered him
the little creature is looking
into another box and finds a.
What is that?
Ah, it's.
Hard to tell. It looks like
another creature, a different
kind of creature, and.
The man has taken this creature
and is is doing something that
he looks as if he's sniffing it.
And then the boy comes with a
dish. It looks as if they're
going to cook this creature for
some reason and and is telling
him a story about it, and he
appears to be buying the story.
OK, here's a man.
Oh, this now turns into it's
maybe it's not a creature at
all. Well, it it looks like a
shrimp.
Boy has it and it looks like a
some kind of a horn and the man
is tasting it.
Looks like these are the ones
who are trying to get this to
the man with a hat.
And then the boy brings in
another something that looks
somewhat like an artichoke, and
it seems to be opening a shell
to see what's in it. Now it has
become a snake.
And he is cut that in pieces and
the boy is showing is going to
eat it. Apparently the artichoke
is diminished in size as the man
who was traveling is looking at
it.
And boy is trying to feed it to
the creature.
And they've got a. Now they've
got a a.
The basket with all of these
assorted pieces. They look like
vegetables, maybe, but they've
been cutting up or discussing or
describing boy whispers to his
father something and.
Here's another little boy with a
hat on, dressed like the other
man. Now here's the boy with the
whole basket full of food and
they're walking together. And we
are on a sandy floor with a
bunch of boats ready that are
tethered there.
Waiting for the water to come
apparently, and the city now is
in the background.
Has some.
The shapes are all very much the
same, sort of like snails.
P's and.
Curly Hugh, it's not nothing
very square.
The clouds are in the distance
and there appear to be more of
these.
Uh, flying objects that are
transporting people. We're on
the ground now, and the the
little, the creature is there
still. And here we are walking
along the ground with the
creature, and the little boy
finds a pot, and in that pot
there is a little dragon or
other and.
The man is afraid of it.
And the other man who was trying
to sell him these things or has
been showing him these things,
he isn't necessarily selling
him, he's just describing to him
what these things are, the
vegetables and the the creatures
and the fish.
And he tells him not to be
afraid and they examine it more
closely and it looks and it
turns out to be what appears to
be a cat with the Dragons tail.
Looks like a friendly cat.
The little boy is holding it and
the man is patting it now.
The man who is without the hat
is pointing to other creatures,
and the cat is looking at the
little creature, the.
The Guardian Angel of the man
with the hat and two of them,
the the cat and the the Dragon
cat and the mouse are look as if
they're going to play together
and then they they're picking up
the pieces from this.
Basket.
And now they're having a
conversation. The man in the hat
and the other man, and he man in
the hat is asking about, appears
to be looking for something, and
he's talking to the man about it
and drawing a picture of the
tail. This is the tail that we
saw.
The shadow of on his house maybe
the that is something that he is
looking for, trying to discern
what what it may mean to his
house at home. His wife,
daughter still are and man is
telling him a story about this
creature.
And.
Apparently he has had some kind
of apocalyptic vision he has
seen in the sky something
overwhelming that he.
It means a lot to him.
#END_arrival_4
{OK, so that was this part of
the story. OK, so next we have a
complex scene, just one complex
picture. Please take between
three and five minutes to
describe it.}
#START_make_a_splash Wow, it
looks like a big swimming pool
with a lot of slides.
As in slides for people to slide
down to the pool.
My kids love these things every
time they come to me and they
want to go to the well. Can't
think of the name of it, but.
Funtown splashtown there, and
here we have was.
He, we and snowflake.
{Slides. They've been pestering
Amelia to let them vote the
water park. Yes, indeed, yeah.}
{What? OK, they're splashing
around. Arnie is organizing fun
games while Brian is trying to
find a courage to fight his fear
of heights and go down the pick
out all 10 Penguins. Oh, OK,
we're looking for Penguins in
this. Well, anyway, we're just
describe the scene. You don't
have to pick up. OK, OK. But we
have several things here. We
have what looks like an
octopus.}
Just going to make the trip down
and mostly kids.
And a lot of people have gotten
down there and have landed in
the water. Here's somebody
shooting a a gun, a water gun at
somebody in the water.
That might be redundant, but uh,
that's what they're doing.
There's always somebody with.
Causing a problem.
And here's another one a slide
that's really convoluted. That's
one I probably wouldn't want to
go down.
Unless we knew about it and I
had been down it already.
Here's, uh, somebody riding on a
fish there. They're having a
high old time. Most of these
people, I don't see anybody in
any kind of distress.
Um.
We have some people wearing.
Most people are wearing bathing
suits.
You don't see anybody who isn't.
Here's a little elephant.
Little boy on him, and here's a
lifeguard.
And the bridges and places to
walk out there seems to be
generally easy to get around in
this place. There don't seem to
be any blocks.
Uh.
Here's the big ship with the
ladders on it.
The people are climbing, maybe
they're going to jump off of
that too, but anyway, it looks
like they're very happy scene
and I imagine this would be a
very popular place for people.
We have some palm trees over on
one side and what looks like
beach area, though there's
nobody lying out on it. They're
more interested in going down
the slides.
All in bright colors. And here's
another one. Here's a.
Out of the boulders coming a big
gush of water like a waterfall
in the sky right underneath it
having. #END_make_a_splash
{Yeah, OK, so that was about 3
1/2 minutes.}
{Alright, so we're going to
continue with the story, which
is around 20 pages.}
{Again, describe what you see in
the story and take between 10 to
15 minutes.}
#START_return OK, we've got a
fellow with a beard and a
mustache.
A young man and there's a kite
in the room.
Uh.
Stop.
And uh, there's wallpaper on the
walls and old fashioned house.
He's on the 2nd, 2nd floor in a
bedroom up there must be his
room.
Uh.
And then we see another view of
the upstairs becomes out of his
room.
Maybe this is in his room.
Say.
Pretty dark picture. So and
there's a cat on the on a chair
in there. It looks like a a
lavatory.
And downstairs there's a kitchen
and the stairway going up and.
Downstairs again there is a
little boy who is painting a
doorway on the wall. So he is
going somewhere in his
imagination. He is wearing a
crown.
Perhaps the looks like a crown.
OK, now the guy upstairs has got
a that's a drawing board he was
at. It was difficult to see what
what it was.
And the kite is on the floor and
he's picking, gotten up and
picking up the kite and.
Looking out through this door
that has been constructed.
And he has gone that far.
Three years into an enchanted
forest.
Ah well, lanterns hanging
everywhere.
Very pleasant, idyllic place
with a lake and a dock with a
big red ball at the end of it.
He picks up the ball and he sees
a boat with the Dragons head or
you know that's a.
Somewhere between a fish and A
and a horse and a.
Green eyes.
And the lights are all reflected
in this river appears to be. And
it comes to him at the end of
his talk he gets.
Just the dock and no, he it goes
by him and he jumps on it and he
is sailing away with his red
ball on the Dragon ship.
And he comes to a city.
City looks, uh, as if the light
going on there. There are domed
buildings and watchtowers and
maybe churches.
I have a lot of tall buildings
and this river is going through
the city.
This is all new to him.
Years.
He's in the boat, he's in the
boat, has a paddle wheel on it,
and he sees.
The moon is full and he can see
what looks like a little boy in
a red boat crossing over the
river on a bridge between one
part of the city and another.
He leaps off of the boat,
leaving his ball on it, and he's
breathing some people there, so
he apparently knows this place.
There's this young boy with a
crown going up the stairs and
he's waving to that those people
who seem to be greeting that
boy, and they've got a wind of
creature with them.
Looks like a woman maybe, and
another little boy with a hat on
that's similar to the other eye
they are, crowns the he comes
and this is obviously a royal
family that he is.
Reading.
A little girl.
Is turning up her nose at the at
the throne the whole oh, it's an
old man with a beard. It's not a
woman, it's a white beard that
he has. And the two children
there are looking at these this
throne, or maybe it's two
Thrones and the little boy is
interested in it. A little girl
not.
And now we see in a.
So that's the ship that he has
come in on. They are looking
back and there is somebody
coming up the stairs at them and
they appear to be frightened.
The bird is flapping its wings.
This person coming off the boat
is hard to tell what it is,
whether it's a.
Maybe a warrior?
Now these several people are
coming out all of the vote, all
right, the vote had those people
in it that they didn't know
about, but they apparently are
hazardous and the king is has
some kind of a magic wand or
something in his hand that he's
trying to repel the people.
Some of those, if he's being
terribly successful because they
are coming up the stairs.
So, ah, here he is. He has.
Is as a sword.
And he is threatening these
people.
But they come up and grab him
anyway. He's.
All weapons that he has, he's
used up and they have something
that is repelling shield of some
kind that's repelling the sword
and anything else he has. And
now they've grabbed him and one
of them is headed into the
palace.
So now the as this warrior comes
after them, these people are
larger. The boy and the girl and
the visitor and the bird are
getting larger. And the boy is
drawing the bird even larger so
that they can as some magic
bird. I see that is a horse
Pegasus. Here we have escaping.
On this flying horse and the
moon is still full and they're
going out over the water.
Yes, they are on the water.
We are bringing with them the
boat that they came on.
There appear to be these
warriors, these interlopers on
that, but it is coming with
them. It is somehow attached to
the.
Wings of the horse bird.
So they have not escaped it
entirely.
It's developed wings too.
OK.
And now that boat has knocked
the birds feathers off.
Out of the sky and the people
who were on it are falling
through the sky. The girl is
losing her crown, the visitor is
holding on to her, and they had
the people on the.
Boat have seized the little boy
with the crown.
The.
Girl and the visitor visiting
boy have.
Gone underwater, there are fish
under there and it looks like a
submerged city.
And now, little girl.
Who has been carrying this red
pen with her magic pen if flying
a an escape hatch for them and
the bird has returned to its
usual size, and here they are.
OK.
Now.
They are in a submarine, that's
what she is drawing. So they
have a ship.
Uh, the the man is the visitor
is in there, and the girl they
are submerged in this
underwater.
Landscape looks like a bunch of
coral, fish and so forth and
they're OK. They have a whole
Periscope of over the water and
they are able to press forward
underwater.
Now they've come to a grotto
where the boat is coming up out
of the water and is.
The armed, shall we say, on what
appears to be a gravelly, rocky
shore, and they're in a cave,
it's a.
There.
Hard to tell what's up on this
roof of this thing, where these
are.
Relics that were there.
Hmm.
Yeah.
And they're pointing ohh. These
are drawings on the wall of
things happening, and the girl
is pointing them out to the
fellow who's visiting her.
There's a place here with the
door in it in the rock, and the
bird is.
Keeping vigil?
Uh.
Then, uh, they the boy, the the
visitor, the girl and the bird.
They're in income, the incomes,
the original horse.
Vote with people who are after
them and they're hiding behind a
pillar.
Now.
The visitor and the bird and the
girl are there, and the visitor
has drawn a cage for the bird.
Apparently he's going to kill
the bird is safe.
And here come the intruders.
Who are going to who are trying
to get the bird? Apparently the
bird is the prize and.
He's after that bird with some
kind of a gadget.
Well, maybe it's a cage that he
wants to put him in.
And instead he comes up and is a
trip thing that he gets the the
villain is in the bird cage, the
bird gets out and the cage
closes around.
Him so they have toward had the
villain.
Now we have the bird has become
huge and.
The.
Hey.
Boy, on the drawing board.
Destroys the weapon that this
person has brought in, the
villain has brought in.
And there's all kinds of
celebration in the sky, all
kinds of colors and fireworks
there.
Ohh.
And here is the king.
And the other other little boy
and the the villains are being
vanquished. They're sinking into
the sea.
Uh.
And here is the bird carrying
off the villain in the cage, and
the king and the little boy with
the crown. The Prince and the
little girl, and with her marker
and the guy at the drawing board
are left safe in the grotto.
And the ship with the villains
in it is sailing away.
The girl now is calling this all
of the that the drawing board is
very happy with him and his
thanking him for saving them.
And we know the height is going
through the door, so they're off
on another adventure in the
city.
Right up here and here is the
house where we originally saw
the guy with the drawing board
and his arched doorway that has
led him out into this adventure
in the first place. #END_return
{Alright, so that was the story.
You can go on to the next one,
which is a complex scene.}
{So please take between three
and five minutes as you describe
what you see.}
#START_unfriendly_giants And
these are the unfriendly giants,
and they are large people
compared with some of the
others.
And the locals, if they're up to
no good.
Uh, are trying to lasso house
with a bunch of people around
it. They are.
Hard to tell what's under foot
here. Some of it.
Guess it's all solid ground. I
don't see any boats although
there.
Kind of watery color, but the
and trees and people are
picnicking. People are living
their lives. Appears in this
village and the giants have come
in and are playing chess with
the people.
Manipulating them and.
They have.
Yeah, they've got the pipes that
they are.
Blowing through at the people
and hurting them.
Uh.
There.
Twirl one of them is messing up
with a windmill.
Maybe.
Seems to be rotating it.
And they're so large that they
are causing a lot of problems
for these smaller people.
And uprooting trees.
Uh, and taking over.
But the people don't seem to be
particularly frightened, except
the ones who they were. They're
shooting the water through their
pea shooters.
They're hurting those people,
but the others don't seem to be
terribly perturbed. They're
going about their business as
usual.
One of them is got a bunch of
people on a rope. He's walking
along and dragging them with
him.
Hmm.
And he has a bunch of people
around his waist that he's
carrying too.
No, that's this is a.
Ambiguous, certainly this whole
picture. Hard to tell if they're
these giants are malicious other
than the pea shooters, or just
because they're large that they
are taking over. And it's hard
to see that. See the people are
not having anything much to say
about it. Not revolting.
Figuring out a way to get rid of
them. #END_unfriendly_giants
#START_escape_from_the_zoo
Escape from the zoo Penguins.
OK.
And.
OK.
This zoo has got.
Some of the people have gotten
into the Rhinos pen. That's not
a good thing.
They're afraid. And here's a
little snake here.
Is also afraid. The rhino
appears to be having a good
time. And here's one of the
Penguins on the rhino.
Uh.
People are still trying to get
ice cream over here, and here's
a.
Zebra.
And here's a enclosure with an
ice house on it. I can't tell
who's supposed to be in there
because they don't see anybody,
because the monkeys up in the
trees and the bears.
The elephants are looking on.
Ohh.
We have a bunch of horned.
Who sells or somebody?
With the giraffes.
See, somebody's trying to feed
them with a bag of chips of some
kind. Other people are wandering
through there.
There's an airplane in the
middle of everything, and A and
a parrot who has bought now, and
the monkeys or the gorillas, I
should say, are waving their
arms around at the people
outside.
And there are some lions
watching everything.
I'm not sure who is escaping
from the zoo, if anybody.
There's some birds up on top of
the cafe that look as if they
could go anywhere at any time.
There's a polar bear in a river
or in a pond. Pool.
Maybe he's intended to go
underneath here, into this ice
house. That's probably it.
There are several bears there.
They have quite a.
Place and here are some
flamingos in another area with
another with a hippo in the same
water.
I think that this is kind of a
crazy zoo.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
It's.
#START_airport OK, this is
appears to be an airport
airfield where the planes are
stored, any number of them. But
here's a relatively modern
looking airliner but people
getting off of it.
Overdoor and somebody out on the
wing of it, we have something
going on here with a.
Firetruck.
And people on the ground and.
A fire has broken out of Paris.
Small fire in the middle of
things as people are getting on
and off.
Other planes. Here's a little.
Very old plane by plane, I guess
they call him.
Um.
It's an original over there and
something that looks like a
fighter plane, another that
looks a little more like a bird.
All kinds of planes. So this is
the history of planes,
apparently, which actually is
gone very quickly.
Here's another bus over here
with somebody people falling off
of it. This is really a chaotic
scene.
Uh, here's a bus arriving in the
middle of the yard, and here's
another one of the truck with a
broken hose. Appears to be
they're trying to get the
luggage onto the plane, and
meanwhile inside there are a
number of lines and people
trying to help people with their
luggage, checking their things
and tickets this general mayhem
at this airport.
And do we have any?
I'm not sure.
Maybe these people with the hose
here are hijackers.
Hard to say with these people on
the ground are are trouble or if
they are causing trouble.
People in blue are apparently
the people who work in the
airport, so maybe they are
mutiny. I don't.
That's what they appear to be
airport workers. #END_airport
#START_birthday_party_fun (Also,
it's a complex scene and please
take between three and five
minutes.)
Hi, this is a birthday party,
evidently, and all kinds of food
out here. And there's a.
Uh, entertainment. It looks as
if with the kind of a castle
looking thing that has.
Say you gonna trampoline kind of
thing with people bouncing
around and maybe climbing walls.
Those things, at some birthday
parties. Some things like that.
People in costume, dressed as
rabbits, dressed as bats,
dressed as other animals. An
alligator. There's a lion. It
looks like a tiger.
Ohh.
We have people swimming in a
pool.
Somebody dunking someone else
and with a bucket.
Ohh.
So the chef is over there at the
table. Not many people eating
for some reason. There's a pig
there.
And here comes somebody with a
gun, another person with a cake.
So maybe they're just getting
ready for the birthday party.
Whose birthday it is? Can we
find the birthday person? I
don't know.
Here are some whole bunch of
gifts that are on a table that
people are bringing.
And.
There's somebody dressed like an
Angel.
And somebody dressed as a devil.
Another person with a gun
splatting somebody from within
the pool.
And here we have some fairy
princesses. Or one anyway.
And a policeman.
Looks like some ghouls.
They're seeing someone dressed
as a dog.
Another person with a with a
pinata. Over here, people lined
up to attack that. That all
kinds of birthday fun.
Here is a witch, or a skeleton
and a devil and a Superman. And
so this looks like a Halloween
birthday party.
#END_birthday_party_fun
{So moving on to the next item,
it's another story about 20
pages.}
#START_quest OK, we have a
statue here in a park and a park
bench and a trash container.
Statue has wings.
And unkempt hair. So this is
apparently Greek or Roman.
Uh.
And here are a couple of kids
underneath. It's raining. And a
couple of kids have found refuge
underneath the bridge, so
they're not going to get wet.
And they have a bicycle there
where the red wheel on a purple
wheel and there's a door
underneath this bridge that they
are looking at. And they have
with them a purple bird. We've
seen that bird before. One of
them is carrying a magic.
Pencil.
The door opens and out comes a
shaman king, actually of some
kind, and he is showing them a
drawing.
And.
Telling them to be quiet. I
can't tell them what that is.
The bird is looking at it, and
they are somewhat taken aback by
it.
There's a warning. Ah, let's
see.
Uh he's directing the kids with
this piece of paper ohh telling
them to be quiet. He wants to
show them this and make sure
they get it. They have it and
suddenly outcomes some dealers
who are grabbed the king to
bring him back inside. The kids
are taken aback. They get the
king back and they are now have
their.
Magic pencil. They've got two of
them now, I think. Unless,
anyway, the bird is ready to go
and so are they. And they are
about to.
Let's try to do something for
this king was their king.
OK, the little girl has got an
orange pencil now and her red
pencil and he has purple pencil
and the bird is there. So they
are armed and ready to go
forward with their paper that
the king has given them. We have
a doorway here that they are
about to open and.
Into a temple underneath this
bridge, and it's still raining.
This is the bird keeping watch
and they are opening this door
with their magic. Apparently
they needed the red one and the
purple one to do this.
And then they go. They've opened
the doors with their red and
purple.
Magic pencils.
Now they are inside that. This
scene now is a big city and
there are flying machines that
are carrying a number of people
in them. And they are.
Uh have emerged from underwater
uh into this other terrain and.
They see a boat going off into
the distance with the king on it
and the he is got some jailers
there so by himself but they see
that where he is going.
Have their diagram that he is
given to them and they are
trying to see what's going on.
He is going off into the sunset
here. The bird is looking and we
have a whole bunch of warriors
and people who are trying to
burn the city down, apparently
who are crossing the bridge.
From one side of the city to
another. Now they have various
places in the city that they can
try to find, and this is a map
of what they need to be doing
and they have.
Like a labyrinth, they've got a
red and purple root, and it
appears those are the ones,
they're going to be taking this.
We've got a rainbow on the
outside, but they're going to be
using their red and their
purple, both spins of the
rainbow, to to get to find their
way to where it is they need to
be.
And it looks as if they are
looking for a palm trees and
blue eyes.
OK.
You know, here comes some boats
with some of these warriors on
them and the bird is sounding
the alarm. They have got their
red and their purple pencils and
are ready to embark. And they've
got red fins for swimming and
purple.
The bird.
Can't tell if that's a cat on
his shoulder or not. Anyway,
they are ready to go underwater
and strike out and see what they
can do to try to rescue the
king.
OK, they grabbed onto an octopus
here, octopus, and the bird is
with them wearing red so that
they can. The bird is a magic
bird, of course.
They are headed for.
A building, uh, kind of a Greek
building that is illuminated.
There's that. That's where the
action is.
Are underwater and uh, they get
to this amphitheater. What it
like the Parthenon.
And in the center is a pool.
With a.
Discarded by look like
seahorses.
And they have their diving
helmets on and their fit, their
scuba, their flippers rather,
but they are able to move
quickly underwater.
The.
The people who are against them
come after them and they too
have Spears and flippers on
them, so our roads are going to
have to move quickly and they're
able to do that because they
have fins and of course the
magic bird and the octopus who
is there to transport them.
OK, they get out of the water
and land on this tropical island
where the bird is flying, and
they are now going to make for
themselves what they need to
succeed in this venture using
their purple and their red
pencils.
OK, now they've got a
rhinoceros, a purple rhinoceros,
and they've got a a red.
What do you call a seat?
Ohh, can't think of the word
anyway. You would use it to ride
on a rhinoceros if you have one.
Or an elephant and they are
going down a path to the city.
Looks like Machu Picchu, some
old city and bird is with them,
so they're clearly going to have
an adventure here and then.
Speed from a distance.
That there is a suspension
bridge that goes out to a
citadel with a life at the top
of it. This is clearly where the
king would be reside if he were
there, so maybe that's where
they're going to try to find
themselves. It's hard to see
what's on the this other part,
whether those are warriors or
what they are.
OK, here we are. They are now.
They've gotten up on this
suspension bridge and they're
going out to the tower with the
light and the bird is with them.
They do that in a big hurry.
They've got the they're, they're
going from their tropical area.
Hard to say if there are people
over there, can't can't help
anyway, so they're going across
there.
It was just a suspension bridge
like that in India that broke
and killed a number of people
and 50 people on the bridge.
{Do you love that? No. Yeah. It
was a suspension bridge just
like that. And it just opened it
again. And when they did or.}
{People fell under the water, of
course. I think seven people
were killed.}
So now they have arrived at the
at the tower and they're on top
of it with the bird and out of
here come the the minions may
take out their magic pencils and
are making.
Something that is going to
transport them where they are
not.
The bird there? Yeah. Ohh it's a
swing. OK. They're getting away
with the bird is taking them
away on their magic swing and
taking them to the mountains and
they have escaped their these
people who are trying to hurt
them.
They are landing on a in a
temple, looks as if it's a
Buddhist temple, maybe Nepal or
Tibet or someplace, and their
bird deposits them on top of
this and here come.
Villains and their dirigibles.
After them.
Well, they are now. Have a
rainbow.
Instrument here. That bird is
going to seize on, and let's see
where they go from here.
And here come the the people who
are out after them, and the bird
is going to.
What happened?
Trying to get the bird but
didn't happen. And so oh, they
take their rainbow and they make
a rainbow to escape on.
And the bird? The bird draws the
rainbow out across the sky, and
they have a bridge to get away.
And the villains are falling
from the sky they have been.
They have been squelched by this
rainbow, which is emitting all
kinds of light.
And here.
That rainbow is destroying the
bad people in their boat and.
By drowning them. And the king
is very, very happy to see this
rainbow and his saviors.
And now that the rainbow is
there in the city, the city is
illuminated. It is no longer
dead looking. The other houses
are swimming around in this pool
where there are people are very
happily.
Living and doing what they're
doing here is the rhino up here,
and the kids and the king are
entering the city and waving to
everybody, and the bird is there
too, and everybody's happy.
Now they are sending to the
city.
And on the river, and they have
vanquished their enemies
afterwards. The king who is
putting the crown on the little
boy, it's time for him to take
over.
And the bird is there. The
little girl leaves, and the king
is saluting the new Prince, the
new king.
Oops. Now here's the boy and the
girl with both got crowns on.
And they are looking at the city
that belongs to them, and with
the rainbow connecting
everything and the bird with
them. #END_quest
{OK, that was the story. And
we're going to move on to a
complex scene.}
{Again, take between three and
five minutes to describe what
you see.}
#START_by_the_lake OK, this is,
uh, body of water and the
mountains around it, and it
looks like a Big Lake and people
are whoops, some of it. We've
got some igloos here, so part of
this lake is frozen.
And people are dressed, however,
as if they're not frozen,
they're wearing big suits and
they're they're animals in here
and people flying kites and some
boats.
In a way and a a uh dock or a
float rather out in the middle
of it and some people doing a
water skiing with.
Rows of people, sailboats in the
background looks like a.
Hot air balloon back there and
other balloon like things where
people are.
Because I could figure out what
it's called, but they go up and
uh.
Uh, they're flying on a uh.
The water ski type thing.
People riding bicycles and
generally having a good time.
Here is a badminton court looks
like.
And uh.
People had generally just having
fun and smiling and laughing and
and enjoying themselves.
The Penguins, while here read
about the Penguins. But it's
hard to see the Penguins.
If I weren't looking for them, I
wouldn't know there are any
Penguins in here. I I see one
now that I'm looking. I see one
right over here and near that.
Umbrella, which is not, uh,
which is just standing there
over on the right hand side.
There's a pen there.
#END_by_the_lake
{OK, going on to so this study
just have 626 item and this is
the very last item, it's a
graphic novel.}
#START_arrival_3 OK, we're back
into our sepia colors and we
have a street that looks back in
the 40s, I would say. And it's
in a foreign city, at least
foreign to me.
And here is a woman with a cat.
There is a man with a cart with
some kind of a heater in it, and
he has a dragon carrying a
dragon and a basket on it, and
he has another something that he
is holding by the neck.
Hard to tell what it is. And
then another man and a woman
with some gigantic eggs that
have in a basket and there's
something else in a basket.
These must be tradespeople who
are selling these things on the
street and on the street reading
a newspaper.
We have a Barber.
Uh and a snail waiting to uh, or
on the floor of the barbershop.
He must be picking up things off
the floor. Here's the man on the
street with a horn.
Like an accordion and another
violinist. So they are making
music on the street and there
are some various bird like
creatures who are hopping
around, maybe like pigeons.
And then we have some people in
an area with signs on it, one
person carrying rabbit and
another person knitting and
another person reading the book.
So they are apparently.
And there's something in the
basket here. Looks like maybe a
monkey. And then we have our
man. This is our guy who left
home with his hat on, and he's
wondering and with his suitcase
and he's wondering which way to
go.
And now he is consulting.
Say uh.
Mirror. A clock. A a clock,
maybe? And looking at a tower
and walking across with his
suitcase looks a little bit
lost. He's looking up, and there
are.
Lights have come crawling
through the air. Will they
become like a Blizzard of lights
and taking his hat off? There
must be quite a wind there.
Then he loses his hat, but picks
it up, puts it back on, and he
sees a map that apparently is
going to tell him where he needs
to be. It's a book, actually,
and he picks it up and is
reading it, and along comes
somebody who looks like a
native.
And he is talking to this man
and has his hand out asking for
something.
And the man is talking with this
guy, and the guy talks back with
him. They're conversing. And the
man is asking him where there
might be a place for him to
stay.
The guy says, oh, I have just
the place for you. And he walks
off and he has, he's leading
this man to a someplace that
he's got a creature and a basket
on his back. #END_arrival_3
{OK. That's all that I have for
you.}